Blog_Swish

Swish raises $38M in Series B funding
Funding will accelerate multi-city expansion, investment in kitchen and supply chain infrastructure and team expansion.


Swish

Mar 24, 2026

Swish raises $38M Series B
Swish, the Bengaluru-based foodtech company, today announced that it has secured $38 million in Series B funding to accelerate its fresh food in 10 minutes offering to neighbourhoods across urban India. The round is led by Hara Global and Bain Capital Ventures, with strong continued backing from Accel, which first partnered with Swish early in its journey. Alteria Capital and Stride Ventures also participated in the round. The funding will enable Swish to strengthen its team,  accelerate multi-city expansion and invest in kitchen automation and supply chain infrastructure. 


The foodtech company has a singular vision: fresh food, in 10 minutes, in every neighbourhood of urban India. To make that promise real, Swish is building a fundamentally novel infrastructure  — an end-to-end foodtech company that owns the kitchen, cooks the food, operates the consumer ordering application, and delivers in an average radius of a kilometer. As there are no third-party commissions, the economics stay inside the business and are reinvested directly into food quality, consumer experience, and innovation. 


Swish’s $38M Series B, its third fundraise in just 18 months, demonstrates overwhelming demand for its 10-min fresh food offering, driven by increasing consumer affinity to order for meal-times like lunch and dinner, beyond just impulsive snack and beverage purchases.  


Aniket Shah, CEO and Co-founder of Swish, said, "Over the past 18 months, we have focused on creating a fresh food supply chain from the ground up, which reflects in the strong consumer love for our product and has rapidly positioned Swish as the preferred destination for ordering food in Bangalore. Owning every part of the decision in the food supply chain is the only way to serve high-quality, fresh food in 10 minutes to consumers at scale. With the new round of funding, we are poised to accelerate our expansion in a lot more neighbourhoods across cities. We’re looking to surpass existing standards in the food delivery market, set an exceptionally high bar of experience, and grow multifold in the next few months.”


Swish started with the small moments: a coffee after lunch, a late-night snack. As customers experienced the delight and convenience, they kept demanding more, and Swish stepped up. Today, the menu spans every kind of meal: breakfast, healthy bowls, protein-rich options, festive specials, and desserts. More than 20,000 people now order from Swish every day.


A statement from Hara Global read, "Swish has attained impressive traction in the markets they have been active in. We are happy to partner again with Aniket, Ujjwal, Saran and the rest of the Swish team as they seek to revamp the quick food market of India."


Saanya Ojha, Partner at Bain Capital Ventures, said, ”India’s quick-commerce adoption has reset consumer expectations around speed, reliability, and convenience but food delivery has largely been optimized for planned, higher-value meals. Swish is targeting a much larger, more frequent surface area: breakfast, snacks, tea, late-night, and solo meals. The opportunity is not just to take share within food delivery, but to expand the market by bringing more daily consumption online.”


Abhinav Chaturvedi, Partner at Accel, said, "Urban India's relationship with food is changing rapidly. Consumers want meals that are fresh, delicious and delivered quick. Swish has identified the path to delivering this customer promise as it controls the kitchen, the tech, and the last mile. We are thrilled to partner with Aniket, Ujjwal, Saran and the entire Swish team — a company we believe will define how a generation of Indians eats."


About Swish
Swish is a Bengaluru-based end-to-end foodtech company that owns its kitchens, technology, and last-mile delivery to put fresh food at your door in 10 minutes. Founded by Aniket Shah, Ujjwal Sukheja, and Saran S., Swish is building neighbourhood kitchens with dedicated prep, cooking, and assembly stations designed for speed and precision. 


About Hara Global
Hara Global is a long term partner to management teams building category defining, highly enduring businesses that will lead India’s growth for the decades to come. 


About Bain Capital Ventures 
Bain Capital Ventures (BCV) invests in outlier founders across stages and geographies from its offices in San Francisco, Palo Alto and New York. With over $10B under management, BCV has helped launch and grow over 400 companies across 20+ years in business, including Cognition, Crusoe, Decagon, DocuSign, Flywire, Kiva Systems, , LinkedIn, Moveworks, Rapid7 and Redis. As part of Bain Capital, one of the world's largest private financial institutions, BCV delivers targeted support at every stage of the company-building journey.


About Accel
Accel is a global venture capital firm that is the first partner to exceptional teams everywhere, from inception through all phases of private company growth. Atlassian, Bumble, CrowdStrike, Fiverr, Flipkart, Freshworks, Qualtrics, Scale, Segment, Slack, Spotify, Squarespace, Tenable, and UiPath are among the companies Accel has backed over the past 40+ years. We help ambitious entrepreneurs build iconic global businesses. For more, visit www.accel.com. 